My name is Hien, I am the head of finance for the banks and on my website you can see the heads of investment for the banks and we also have the Deputy CEO of ACB sitting on the back as well. He will be happy to answer your questions a bit later if you have any questions that I cannot answer. I will just start with a short presentation about last year's financial results and then we can go straight to the Q&A. A very quick introduction about the banks. We are a retail bank, so we are retail and SME focused and has been always focused on retail and SME. Our market share is currently about 3.6% in lending and deposit. In terms of retail, we are the biggest private bank in Vietnam with the largest lending portfolio to retail customers and we are ranked second in terms of deposit among all the private banks in Vietnam. We have close to 400 branches across the nation spread out from the north to the south with a stronger dominance in the south of Vietnam as our headquarters are here. We have 13,000 staff, the number almost unchanged in recent years. 7.1 million active customers and traffic capital of 1.6 billion USD. A snapshot of last year's results. Profit before tax is 20 trillion, which is 100% of the target set out by the AGM. NBL ratio 1.1% continues to be among the lowest in Vietnam consistently for the last 10 years. Return on equity is 25%, also among the highest consistently over the year. With lending and deposit record the highest growth in recent years. In terms of bank assurance selling, we are ranked number one in terms of excellence in service as well as prudence in practice. We have actually moved from the scandal of mis-selling among the banks last year. Also, the last point is we have a strong and healthy investment portfolio with no corporate bonds. So we don't get involved with all the corporate bond scandals last year as well. First point on credit growth, we are recording a 7.3% growth in credit last year outperformed the market and hence increasing our market share. As you can see the composition of our lending book largely consists of 65% retail, about 30% at SME and remaining is what we call the middle market and large corporation which is the large corp. We almost do unsecured lending. 98% of our portfolio are secured and the majority of them are residential property in the big cities like Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City. Average LTV across portfolio is 55%. So all these numbers would help us to keep our NPO the lowest in the industry. Lending to real estate related purpose which includes real estate investment, lending to developers account for less than 4% of the loan book. So we don't have any project unfinished or we don't have any trouble with our lending developer. We select the project that we finance very carefully. NBL was under control. As you can see NBL had rising in recent quarter and as a whole market has been rising significantly but we continue to be the lowest NBL bank in the sector. And loan log research is sufficient at around 9500%. In 2021 and 2022 we have a portfolio we call COVID Restructuring Portfolio which allows us to make 100% of provision for the loan amount. Now according to SBV criteria we only can make maximum 100% provision for the difference between the loan amount and collateral assets. So the higher the collateral assets value the less provision you can make when the customer defaults. So that's why when the COVID Restructuring Portfolio almost finished, majority of our customer has been paying back as normal. So we had to reverse all the provision we made during the COVID and it's become more normalized around 9500% and that should be the normalized ratio from now on unless we have any change in regulation that allows us to make more provision. SBV always wants to make more provision and make provision earlier rather than later. So we are one of the probably the only bank that makes 100% of provision for the COVID Restructuring Portfolio in 2022. In terms of deposit, we also outgrow the market to support the lending franchise. With deposit, especially for mobilizing from retail customers, about 80% of our deposit is from retail. It's very well diversified across millions of customers. And as a nature of retail banks, our cashflow is not as high as other corporate banks. So our cashflow ratio is around number 4 in the market behind the other 3 big corporate banks. And it has been balanced recently after 2 years of dropping because of saving interest rate was significantly high during that 2 years. Investment portfolio is very simple and healthy. We have no corporate bonds. Majority are government bonds, very highly liquid assets and also the remaining are the financial institution bonds. The performance is in line with the target. So last year we made 100% of all our targets set out with return on equities continue to be around mid to high consistently and return on assets improve every year. This slide is about NIM. Last year, we witnessed the lowest credit demand in the last 10 years. We had to reduce interest rates to support the customers during the slow economic as a nature of the balance sheet of ACV, the lending side was floating every 3 months while the deposit side is fixed. So the duration of lending is around 3 months, average duration for deposit is around 6 months. So that's why when interest rate is coming down, the asset side is coming down faster than the deposit side. And our NIM as a result has been coming down from the highest point ever of 4.1% to 3.7%, around 440 business point reductions. And we hope this year we can flatten out this current rate of 3.7%, 3.8%. This rate is a very good rate for fully secure lending portfolios. Non-funding income last year was a difficult year. We didn't grow much because as you can see the majority, the biggest part of our fee income is bank insurance and it was reduced by more than 20%. As a whole market dropped by about 50% and we dropped about 20%. So we come to become number one bank insurance sales last year, but it's still reductions. So we're still hit by the dropping in confidence of the product after some mis-selling scandal with some of the banks. Hopefully this year we can recover the sales from bank insurance and our fee income will continue to the growing trend of 20% to 30% or more every year in recent years. Other part of service fee like the credit cards or the investments or FX continue to record the highest growth in the recent years and continue to increase market share. Cost management, we have continued to improve our productivity. As you can see our CAI are coming down every year from 52% and now to 33%. Normalised ratio should be around 35% and we expect to continue 35% around this level for the next couple of years as we continue to invest very heavily in technology and digital transformation. For retail nature of banks, our operating cost is normally higher than other corporate banks that focus more on corporate or other business. We're looking at a cost income ratio around 30% or more. This is our capital adequacy ratio. As you can see we are at 30% a number that we're quite comfortable with given this 100% almost 100% of our CAI are tier 1s. With credit growth every year we allow an SGB of around 15-16% and hourly of 25% we can continue to build up our capital while still supporting growth for the business. With almost 100% of our CAI are tier 1 we also have the flexibility of issuing tier 2 if we want to increase our CAI at any time. Liquidity is one of the strong points for a conservative bank like ACB. As you can see all of our ratios are significantly above and below the requirements. One noticeable ratio which is the short term funded for medium and long term loan that some of the many banks are facing difficulty now. The threshold is due to 30% and we are only at 17% that gives us a lot of flexibility to grow our loan book without having to worry about meeting the requirements. Other liquidity ratios are also at a very healthy level. LDRs below 80%. We are also the next lender in Interbank at all times. As you can see our investment portfolio mainly consists of high liquid assets, gold and bond. So we see a very healthy and strong liquidity status. This slide is about digital transformation. As you can see the strong shift from offline to online customers and now nearly 90% and 75% of our customers are using our platform online. On this slide also you see the strong shift. If you can see five years ago 26% of all the transactions happened at the brands. Now only 4% of the transactions happened at the brands and the majority happened on the online space. And you can see the number of online transactions as well as the value increasing exponentially. We are also the first bank to issue a lot of digital capabilities to our customers. For example we are one of the first banks to issue Apple Pay. We are also one of the first banks to have a video call eKYC. So we can onboard our customers fully online and we have been doing this since the COVID. During the COVID we can grow our customer base without opening any branch. We do this very securely and with high cautious. So the number of frauds and misinformation from customers are significantly low. As you can see we are immune from all these scandals recently. The last slide is about AC charging. So we started our AC charging officially last year. We have been doing this for more than 10 years. Internally and last year we started labeling them and put them under formal AC umbrellas. We are also the first bank to issue AC report last year out by the UNC. And we are also currently starting our AC journey with the help of ATB on building a framework for green finance and has been approved with second opinion by Moody's. We also last year issued our green loans package of 2 trillion that help our customers who want to become greener can come to us with a favorable interest rate to help them to become greener during their process and their manufacturing. So this is the last slide my presence. Thank you for your attention and we can go straight to the Q&A. Yes, well, just two questions. First, when you said that your duration of your loan portfolio is 3 months but it's also 98% secured, are you writing mortgages mostly? And what kind of secured loans do you have? The 3 month duration is a term of floating rates. So the loan can be 9 years, 10 years, 15 years. But every 3 months we are repricing. So that's the duration of repricing. Are these mostly mortgages or car loans? So within 65% of our loan book, around 50% are business loans and 30% of that are mortgages. And 20% are the consumer purpose loans and they are all secured. The majority of them are property. Okay, so that brings me to the next question. So obviously the last 12-18 months was a very tough situation in Vietnam, right? When it comes to mortgages, most banks I think actually have a long mortgage book and you guys said you grew ahead of the market. So how were you able to do that in that tough environment? One of the differences between ICB portfolios and some other banks is we only mainly focus on the secondary market. So we don't finance the much developer and primary project. But the majority would be the secondary market. So even during the frozen period of the stock market, we were still buying and selling in the secondary market and we supported that. So yes, but we were hit as well. Normally our mortgage book grows about 20% every year and last year it only grew for more than 10%. So just to understand, when you said secondary market, what exactly is that? House refinance with the land title. In Vietnam we call it Binh Buc. It is a role we refinance and it's an established house. It's not an ongoing project. It's partly refinanced. So when somebody wants to refinance, that's where you come in, right? Not the kind of builders or… Not exactly refinance, but normally our picture of the customer, if you have only two houses, you want to buy another house. And that's when you want to buy another house, they come to us. Okay, so you take like existing properties and security, right? Yeah. Okay, got it. Thanks. Our customer portfolio is also different with some of our other retail focus banks. As we, the majority of our retail customers are affluent class, so we focus on the upper mass rather than the mass. Two questions. One is, as your NIMS come down, how does that affect your ROE? So we should expect a lower ROE this year. And the second one, the non-performing loans. So that's every loan in the bank, not that you've agreed for six months, someone not to repay. That's every loan that is not paying their interest. And what does it mean? Because you've got a 50% LVR, you sit on your properties. So how long do you take? What's the rules within the bank to sell property or to get your money back for a non-performing asset? Thank you for your question. So the first one with NIMS is reduced 40% point from the highest point ever last year. But that's still significant high if you compare to previous year. And if you look at previous year, our ROE would be 26%. So we can believe we can continue with the mid-20 ROE for the next couple of years at least from our forecasting. And we only, not only rely on NIMS or net interest, we also have a fee income and we also have other investment revenue stream. Go to see your second question. Because our activity is very low, so the majority of case of NPL that we sold is we encourage the customer to sell the property themselves and repay the bank. And it would give them some money left rather than let them take possession of the property and sell them. So that's why it does help us to sell NPL very quickly. So normally about two years from when we sold NPL, that encourages the customer to sell the property themselves at the price they want. And every loan, so 100% of your loans that you're not receiving interest are in that NPL figure? Yes. That's according to the law we have to comply. So anything that of a deal over 10 days immediately become NPL and they would appear in CSE, the credit information system, so everyone can see. Any other bank can see that. [pause] You said your CASA ratio is 22% I believe, right? Sorry, what? CASA. CASA ratio is now 22%. So, you know, given that, I mean it's forced lowest in the market, right? Forced highest. Forced highest, sorry. Are you, like, how does your cost of fund compare to, you know, somebody like VCB or another bank? How are you able to earn NIMS, which are quite healthy, given that it doesn't look like your cost of funds is the lowest and because you have secured loans you shouldn't be having very high asset yields. So how does the math work? Yes, so we focus on retail. We do the tedious job of giving out, you know, a million small loans to a million customers. And this is a market that a lot of SOA banks, they don't previously focus on. Now everyone is starting to focus on retail and we receive high competition from every single bank. But we have been very familiar with competition since the beginning. So the way that customers come to us would be they trust on the brands as well as the excellent customer experience. One of the unique things about VCB is the transparent culture that's appreciated by our customers and our NPS is very high, you know, the net score, the score that people are referring our bank to another branch or college because they trust on the brand name, they trust on the process. And this unique culture at ACV is something that we are proud of and it's also not easy to be copied. The transparent process with the customer. So even, you know, our interest rate could be a little bit higher than other banks, customers are still banking with us. And the stickiness of ACV customers are very high. We've got customers banking with us 15, 20 years and continue with their second generation with us. Okay, thanks. Your digital platform, how do we look at that? We heard from the military bank they had the lowest downloads, but that doesn't mean activation. Techcom bank, a lot of the young people love the apps. How do we, given that you're mainly focused on retail, how do we measure your success in that kind of area in the digital world? Yes, with digital it's hard to compare banks these days because everyone focuses on different customer segments and different strengths. So you know that the military bank has excellent apps for SMEs. That's something we probably still have a lot of room to improve. But in terms of retail, we don't try to be everything for everyone. We only focus on the key, main feature, key, you know, to sort of keep a point for our customer segment that we focus. So for retail customers, I think our apps are on par with any top apps or banks, digital at the moment. So our customers can do everything they need without going to another competitor. So for example, our customers can not only fully afford online, they can disburse their loan money online, they can pay everything online. We partnership with every e-wallet company in Vietnam. So for new future, like for example, Apple Pay, we had our first rollout. So if you want to experience Apple Pay, you come to us and open an account. We got about 30,000 customers open our account online every month just using Apple Pay. So there's very little churn. So we focus on the key things and we do that really well. So that's our strategy. So currently we're still holding the biggest portfolio in retail customers for all the banks in Vietnam. And we think that's also thanks to our digital offerings that we can keep the customer. And if you compare any other retail bank in Vietnam, we also have a Hager Casa. The key to have Hager Casa is to get customers to use you as a main bank. So they keep all the transactions with your mains. I have two questions. First one, how does Credit Roll since the beginning of this year until now? And which sector is the main driver of Credit Roll? And how about your view in the upcoming months of Credit Roll? And the second is, please share your guidance in the provision explained this year. Thank you. I'm going to say at high level. I cannot go into detail because this year plan has been approved by the AGM. So I cannot share any detail or number in the public. For the first few months, Credit Roll is very slow. The credit demand is still slow. And if you look at the number across the sector, you will see the sector recorded negative growth for the first month. And we are similar as a smaller percentage. And this is very normal. This is a cycle. At the beginning of the year, it's a very strong growth in November, December. Normally, it slows down in the first few months. And in Vietnam, we also have the death holiday. It's a Vietnamese culture that people don't really want to borrow at January, the first month of the new year. So if you look at our result last year, we see the first quarter we also negative growth. This year, we expect everything to be much better. But normally, Q1 is a slow quarter for everybody. And if you saw the next question on provision expanded, we expect it to be much less than last year. We believe NBL, as ACB, has already nearly the peak. And it will start coming down from the second and third quarter and fourth quarter of the year. And we expect provision expanded to be much less than last year. Q1. On your retail book, do you have an estimate of the average loan size relative to annual household income? Average loan size for our retail customer is around 1 billion. And for SME, it's more than 2 billion. And then, sorry, I'm just on the retail. Is that 1 billion relative to average annual income? I'm not sure about the average annual income of Vietnam. I don't have that number exactly with me right now. Can you share a little bit about the business plan for ACB security as you have raised a lot of capital for ACB security? Yes, we have strong belief in the stock market as well. As you can see, ACB has been performing quite well recently. And the constraints of capital, and at the banks now we have a lot of surplus of money. So we start investing in our subsidiary. We believe that we have done much better in cost of funding than we normally are. And we have done to expand the business. So we expect them to grow much more than previous year. But we again, we only focus on retail. So the charter capital of ACB is now in the top 5. So you want to develop the ACB like the CCBS or the MBS? What's your plan? Yes, I just focus on retail. So we continue to focus on retail. Can you share why you can take your deposit rate lower than the SOE banks? So don't you afraid that the customer will withdraw the deposit and deposit at the other banks? I think after some scandal in Vietnam banks, customers are realizing rates and other things. So they don't only go to the highest rate banks anymore. So they will focus on the experience, they will focus on the security, they will focus on the bank that they trust. And thanks to our top of mind, Sutter Bank for retail customers, we still can record much higher than average deposit growth, even that you just mentioned. Our interest rate is lower than most of our competitors. So with our deposit, we have area lower than most of the banks in the market as well. So our general funding is very secure. Could you share your view or thoughts regarding the outlook of the deposit interest rate as well as the lending interest rate? I think recently there is some surge, short term in the interbank rate. And part of the reason is because someone complains that because after that deposit does not come back to the bank as much as expected. So there's some shortage. Do you see that kind of things happening in ACB and what's your view on the outlook of deposit rate and lending rates? Yes, our views on deposit rates is going to be relying heavily on demand and supply of the market. So with the current weak demand on credit demands, we don't see the pressure for banks to increase their deposit rate to attract more funding. So at the moment, there's still no movement. And when you talk about credit demands, I also don't think it's going to improve anything significantly. It will improve at the later end of the year, but at a pace that is not significant. So the interest rate might rise by the end of the year, but I don't think by the big magnitudes. And the economy and everything is going to recover. We see only signs of recovery since recent months. And everything from this period is better than last year period. So we think the whole year of 2024 is much brighter. But the interest rate will not change anything significantly. Hi, could you please give us a colour on the NPL and which sector has the highest NPL on ACB? At ACB, we are seeing the NPLs distributed evenly between sectors. So we don't see any significant high or any material change in mortgage and retail and corporate and SMEs. They all have a similar 1.1, 1.2 NPL. So that reflects the general difficulty of the whole economy rather than any sector that has become weaker than the others. Hi, could you just touch on how many customers you have and then what percentage of them use ACB as their primary bank? Currently we have 7.1 million customers active. So that's an increase of about close to a million from last year. And how many of them use the investment bank is hard to know. Because we don't have a number of how many banks they are using. But one of the numbers that we have is the improvement in product per customer. So in the coming year we look at less than 2 product per customer and now we are moving to 3 product per customer. So the more product customers are using us, the more likely they will use us as their main bank and they will stick with us for longer. Just a quick follow up on that. I was going to ask about cross-sell. What are you able to sell? What's the product that… For customers, for example retail customers, we have deposits, we have e-wallet, we have transactions, we have bank cash flow, we have credit cards. We also have payrolls for SME, we have trade finance. So yeah, we have pretty much every product that is required in Vietnam. I don't think there's any products that we don't have. Except some investment products. We choose the right time to enter the market. For example, corporate bonds, we will choose the right time to enter the market when the market is more mature and people have much better education on the products. Just a follow up on the market share. So you noted there that your lending market share is 3.6%. But what is it in retail specifically? What is it in mortgages? Yeah, so our lending books, 65% are retail. And 29% SME and remaining is corporate. And within the retail, 50% are business loan. People taking out personal loan for their small business, for their mom and pop shop, for their restaurant, for their coffee. And about 30% of that are the mortgage. And 